Hello America.
I'm an Asian.
An Asian-American to be exact.
You've seen some of us around.
Oh, you know us.
Well, you think you know us.
Cheers bro!
Oh my god.
I've noticed that you have a lot of Chinese friends in the office.
Look, listen! Let's come together as one for one greater purpose!
Korean pride, bitch.
You're a yappie, Andrew.
A what?
A young Asian professional who acts like a yuppie.
Because all you care about is earning a nice salary and settling down in a nice suburb.
What's so wrong with that?
It's just... safe.
If- if I'm a yappie, you're a yippie!
Young hippie!
I'm not gonna feed into these stereotypes any longer by living a lie.
Are you okay, ge?
We're kind of in our own little bubble.
Why don't we have black friends?
I mean, I have some coworkers.
Back in February, didn't you help plan the event for Black History Month?
You didn't go? Do you not support our history?
No, no, no
Dude, I'm kidding.
*laughs*
It was lit as fuck.
Yeah...
Can you imagine if our parents let us do anything other than Kumon or Model UN?
We literally just joked about how me and my friends are in a bubble, but I never questioned it.
Maybe that did more harm than good.
Round of yappies on me man!
*laughs*
Is that not what it is?
- I can't believe it's finally out there for everyone to see.
We really hope that you enjoyed that trailer for yappie.
- Yeah, and we hope even more than you like the series once it starts coming out on June 20th.
- This show is super important and special to Wong Fu Productions
It's something I've been imagining for years,
and for the past six months we've been hard at work to make this first season of five episodes.
- Yeah, we self-financed and produced this series
because we realized we have a lot to say about the world and our community
and we didn't want to wait any longer to tell it.
- And also a huge thanks and shout out to our Patreon community of Wong Fu Forward careholders.
This show would not have happened without you guys.
If you'd like to help support Wong Fu and our efforts to create bigger projects and meaningful projects like this,
please consider going to our Patreon page in the links below and see how you might be able to get involved.
- We know you guys probably have a lot of questions about the series, but all will be answered on June 20th.
- We'll see you there. - Byeeeeyah.